
This web we focused on leaning how to work with Git and git hub.

Github is a website which can be used to manage code. 
Using git we can upload our code, divide our code into different sections and merge code branchs together.
Once we are finished working on our code we can commit and push it to github which stores the code and allows other github users
to see and possibly contribute to the code.

Github hub also funtions as a sort of social network for programers. Many programers use github to network with others in the 
industry or as a CV for job interviews. Github hub tracks how much a user interacts with the site/ how much they contribute to 
repostories. This activity tracking allow potential employers to see how the user works. Activity tracking also allows users to
form bounds with each other letting them effectively social network.

Git and by extention github let users manage there code though branching. A branch is a copy of a set of code which can be
work on without effecting the main piece of code. Branchs can be created form a branch and more than one branch can be created
at a time. 

Branching allows multiple programers to all work on a piece of code at the same time. Multiple people can each have their
own branchs allowing them to not have to work about other users overriding the work they have completed.

This journal is late as I made a mistake when first trying to commit it and manage to select my documents folder as both the source and destanation 
of my commits this resault in Visual studio code and git breaking and me having to install a third party software to uninstall any
residual files. 

During the first week of this class we learnt about the various git commands which we will need to complete the git/github porsion of this assignment.
The first step to using git for verson controll is to add cridentails.
git config --global user.email "hello@example.com" this is an example of the command to do this.
In my case I had to do this twice once for username and once for email.
The next step is to create and naviagate to a folder which can be used as a repository.
Next we have to use the 'git clone "URL from git hub"' command to get the files from github.
After the changes were complete we needed to create a new branch which 'git checkout -b "Name Of New branch"'.
After this we had to use the 'git add "fileName.extention"' to select the file(s) we wanted to commit.
Next we used the 'git commit -m "Message"' TO Commit the the changes and add a comment to the commit.
Finally we used 'git push origin "Target Branch"' to send the changes to github.

An alternate thing we learnt this week is how to merge branchs together. 
The process work by creating multipe branchs navagating to one and them using 'git merge "other branch name"' to merge the two.
This funtion allows us to be able to work on small parts of a project indevidually and then have them all fuse together once they
are finished.