This week we have started learning about web design. 
As of the first lession we have look at storyboards, userstories and wire frames.

Our teacher walked us though the importance of planning a document and how once we are in the industry we will be required to 
forfill multiple rolls basied on what is needed. This means that it is important ro be able to do all of the different rolls in
web development. Wireframes are an important part of the web development as it allows the developers to have something to show their
client and have that client be satified. One of the way that we were show to do this is by paper prototypes. Paper prototypes are when
you hand draw a design, this has many benifits, including not having to creating anything meaning that if the client does not like 
the design the time spent develping it isn't as wasted. Clients are have also been described in a way which makes me think they are 'decision challanged' meaning that they will make bad decision
at inapporate times, for example a client may not feel like they could ask for changes if you have already stated with the website
by with paper prototypes the client could "screw them up and throw them away" allowing them to make changes as they see fit. 
Additionally client ask for additions and changes though out the project having the distintion that you can change the paper thing 
but not the work I have already done helps create boundries for the client.

Storyboards and usecase descriptions allow as to have examples of how we expect our users to intereact which the website which can
also be explained to the client or used to find oversights. 

So good advice we got from this lession includes.
Never start at a start up, they will expect you to do everything and wont provide mentorship like a large company will.
All way start at a job for more than a year or else it will rasies flags with future employers.
If a client 'has an idea' explain to them how much it would cost to get them to drop that idea.


For the second leason we were meant to create a site basied on the framework we designed in the first leasson of the week.
I was assigned to the CSS of the website which was a struggle as one of the other members of the team added a css template which 
somehow still overright my changes after I started making changes that accally work I manage to loses them once I started merging.
I managed to merge a few times with some success but after I tryied to merge back to the master, my changes were removed eventho
I though I had told It not to over right that part of the code.

One of the main things that I learned was how to pull repor after I had already downloaded I once. Once selecting the correct branch
The pull command will allow me to gain anychanges to that repor. I also learnt how to approve merges on Github as it was repuired
to work with the website. As I ran into difficulties near the end of the lesson I might need to looked into and pratice merging 
document so I wont make the mistake I made again.